README.md, before:

# kermit-80
## An off-shoot of kermit-80 from Columbia University

### Building

The subdirectory 'm80' contains a Makefile for
build using M80/L80 and a CP/M emulator "vcpm".
See https://github.com/durgadas311/cpnet-z80
for more information on obtaining and setting up
"vcpm".

Currently, the only build targets are:

target | description
-----------|----------------------------------
cpsker.hex | Kermit system-independent module
cpvgen.hex | Generic CP/M (iobyte)
cpvkpr.hex | Kaypro
cpvh89.hex | Heath/Zenith 89

The plan is to add more as needed.

This build environment aims to avoid the need to
manually edit cpxtyp.asm for each build performed.
The consequences of that are 'sed' scripts to
modify the variables in cpxtyp.asm for each target.

This "vcpm" setup requires that M80.COM and L80.COM
be present on the A: drive (directory). Those should be
easily obtained from various sources on the internet.

To build targets, "cd" to the 'm80' subdirectory and
run "make *target*". Because the building is done using
CP/M commands, errors cannot be detected automatically.
You will need to examine the output to ensure all went well.

Bugfixes are also being applied as they are found.

#### Build Requirements

Building requires the 'vcpm', with M80, and 'unix2dos' commands.

'unix2dos' is normally part of the "dos2unix" package on
most Linux distributions.

'vcpm' is obtained and setup as described in https://github.com/durgadas311/cpnet-z80.
M80 (MicroSoft MACRO-80 Assembler and Linker) is required to be installed
in the virtual A: drive of 'vcpm' (rather, one of the drives configured in the search path).
One source for this package is https://www.cpm80.com/.

Commit message:

Proper line endings and video links.

README.md, after:

# kermit-80
## An off-shoot of kermit-80 from Columbia University

### Building

The subdirectory 'm80' contains a Makefile for
build using M80/L80 and a CP/M emulator "vcpm".
See https://github.com/durgadas311/cpnet-z80
for more information on obtaining and setting up
"vcpm".

Currently, the only build targets are:

target | description
-----------|----------------------------------
cpsker.hex | Kermit system-independent module
cpvgen.hex | Generic CP/M (iobyte)
cpvkpr.hex | Kaypro
cpvh89.hex | Heath/Zenith 89

The plan is to add more as needed.

This build environment aims to avoid the need to
manually edit cpxtyp.asm for each build performed.
The consequences of that are 'sed' scripts to
modify the variables in cpxtyp.asm for each target.

This "vcpm" setup requires that M80.COM and L80.COM
be present on the A: drive (directory). Those should be
easily obtained from various sources on the internet.

To build targets, "cd" to the 'm80' subdirectory and
run "make *target*". Because the building is done using
CP/M commands, errors cannot be detected automatically.
You will need to examine the output to ensure all went well.

Bugfixes are also being applied as they are found.

#### Build Requirements

Building requires the 'vcpm', with M80 command.  Git checks out ASM and HEX files with
the expected CR+LF line endings.

'vcpm' is obtained and setup as described in https://github.com/durgadas311/cpnet-z80.
M80 (MicroSoft MACRO-80 Assembler and Linker) is required to be installed
in the virtual A: drive of 'vcpm' (rather, one of the drives configured in the search path).
One source for this package is https://www.cpm80.com/.

## Videos

Douglas Crawford created a few videos showing actual 8-bit hardware working with Kermit-80:

* Building (takes about 10 minutes):  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAtSd4ygx2s
* Running: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rN-qm-gDZcc
